That's all there is to my financial mustard
Thank you very much.
I would like to thank my assistant here
Muzhizhi without him
I'm afraid the mustard won't be done this time.
Okay, please invite Professor Ge Yangchuan's assistant
Miss Muzhizhi comes on stage
These days
Professor Ke sacrificed a lot for this sword demon
I'm just a little assistant
But thank you very much.
only
For this time, the sword demon has been sleepless
Can complete this sword demon
He has the greatest credit
I declare
The winner of the Best Financial Economics Sword Demon Award is
Professor Ge Yangchuan
I object.
I have veto power
I only know that I have been looking for you for so long
You go and get close to me with another man now
His eyes are horrible